It was approaching 2am when Lexi made the discovery that would fracture the world. She skulled the rest of her black coffee and sat the paper cup down on the smooth, white table. She was at the university working on her PhD thesis. The research involved creating controlled, miniature black holes in a Vacuity Machine and then testing its potential for hyper-space travel. It was mostly hypothetical research.

Lexi ran the formulas through the Vacuity Machine over and over again. She was analysing the results of her most recent trial, bleary-eyed from a lack of sleep, when a chill ran from her tail bone to her shoulders.

"Holy mother of God," she said to the air. She took a moment to catch her breath.

Lexi had found evidence that no god existed.

No god, gods or any divine creators of life.

None. Nothing.

And it was all discovered by accident, as an unexpected side effect of her research.

The proof was irrefutable. Undeniable. It was flashing on the screen of this machine in an insignificant laboratory at an unimportant university on an irrelevant planet.

Her proposal wasn’t intended to yield any definitive conclusions but black holes are a mystery and when you continuously prod the unknown, something unintentional is bound to occur.

I need to call Steve. She thought.

Forty-five minutes later and her supervisor-turned-lover, Steve, burst through the door of the lab.

"Where?" he asked. Lexi pointed to the screen.

"I'm certain I interpreted the data correctly but I need another pair of eyes,” she said.

Steve hurried over to the screen, eyes focused on the target like a predator on its prey. A silence stretched on for the next hour as Steve filtered through the results. Lexi watched the screen over his shoulder, trying to find a flaw in the formula, a discrepancy in the data. She was overwhelmed by the potential power she held. Finally, Steve turned around to face her. He took off his glasses and looked at her with an unnatural glow in his eyes.

"It's watertight, Lex,” he said. “There’s no doubt about it.”

He made a sound that was somewhere between and laugh and a cry.

"We're officially godless."